Assign multiple hyperscaler accounts for global accounts with a large number of clusters (#2923)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/contributor/04-10-workflows.md

The workflow performs the following steps:

1. Sets up a k3s cluster with required dependencies and installs the KEB chart

> 2. Provisions the first instance and waits for it to complete successfully

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Starts provisioning the first instance and waits for it to complete successfully
```
